Docs: Highlight known issue about token TTL (#567)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.1/rancher/node/node-driver.md

## Known Issues

| Summary                                                                                                                                                                                   | Status                                                                                          | Last Updated |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------|
| [Volumes created by the Harvester CSI driver in the host Harvester cluster would be deleted after editing/deleting the guest cluster](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/3272) | Resolved                                                                                        | 2023-05-08   |

> | [Rancher loses ability to manage/scale guest clusters when the corresponding API tokens expire](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/5827)                                       | [Temporary Workaround Exists](https://harvesterhci.io/kb/modify_harvester_cloud_credential_ttl) | 2024-05-17   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Rancher loses ability to manage/scale guest clusters when the corresponding API tokens expire](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/5827)                                       | [Temporary Workaround Exists](https://harvesterhci.io/kb/renew_harvester_cloud_credentials) | 2024-05-17   |
```
